Graphic Visualization of Specific Dashboards in Transport Technologies
Pokorný & Stokláska (2016)
This paper details the development of a web application for the generation of interactive graphs for the purpose of city traffic monitoring. After an investigation of the existing libraries, namely Charts, D3 and Flot, the authors determined that they were too complex and were not suited for this application, leading to their decision to develop their own solution. 
In light of this they developed their own JavaScript library, inCharts,  which followed object-oriented principles. It is composed of individual component classes and static classes which are common to all the desired graphs. The component instances are all associated with a Canvas which manages their presentation in the DOM. 
This paper, and the inCharts library it describes, provides an outlook which we may take in the development of our own system. It discusses some other resources which we may consider using in our own project, and if we come to the same conclusion as the authors, may provide an ideal data visualization tool for our needs.  

A database perspective on geospatial data modeling
Voisard & David (2002)
This paper discusses the use of database management systems (DBMSs) for the representation and manipulation of geospatial information. This model allows for the efficient definition of collections of geographic objects and the relationships between them, and for the manipulation of spatial and other non-basic data types. 
The authors discuss the encapsulation of the geospatial data into two layers: the higher Map level which is represented by geographic objects and a lower Geometric level, consisting of the spatial components of the geographic objects. They also discuss the ubiquity of aggregation and disaggregation operations in GIS applications and how the standard relational model is ill-suited for these operations. To remedy this, they propose a mapping a general geographic model unto the models of existing DBMS, namely the relational and object-oriented models. 
This paper provided an interesting outlook as to the design of a database with geospatial data. While all of the considerations discussed are not necessarily applicable to a project of our scope, it does give us an understanding of the potential issues we could face with a naïve database implementation. 
